What is this for? What does it mean, why is it like that, where is it,
who is he?
A question: how many planets are there in the solar system?
Between 1930, the year of Pluto’s discovery by the American Clyde Tombaugh,
and 2006, there were nine planets.
From the closest to the Sun to the farthest: Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars,
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto. But in 2006 another American,
Mike Brown,
nicknamed “Pluto Killer,” showed that Pluto is not a planet like the others.
Why? Because it is too small and not unique, similar to many objects
in the region of Neptune, such as
Eris, discovered by him in 2006. Pluto then became a dwarf planet,
and this discovery reduced the number of true planets to 8.
Finally, until January 20, 2016, when Mike Brown again, with Konstantin Batygin,
working together, claimed to have discovered by calculation a 9th planet.
According to the two astronomers, only the presence of a planet ten times
heavier than Earth
can explain why some dwarf planets do not orbit correctly.
Indeed, like a shepherd, a ninth planet would gather its flock of dwarf planets
in a single direction. Very far from the Sun, it would take 10,000 to
20,000 years to complete one orbit. No giant telescope has yet observed it
to provide ultimate proof of its existence. Brown and Batygin gave themselves
five years to succeed. In short, today there are 8 observable planets
and one
9th inferred by calculation, until the next discovery.
Do you have questions? We have the answers.